the process of artificial insemination
begins with the separation of the mature
male and female trout from their happy
homes the fish are placed into buckets
and ready for their adventure metal
trout can be identified by their lower
protruding jaw and their fish jump
package while the females can be
identified by their dink to your friends
and their non-stop fish tripping or
phobia once the fish are separated the
spawning process will begin to calm the
fish a light sedative or fish roofies
will be added to the tanks this will
help the process and cause the fish to
struggle later to identify their
scientist predators the fertilize the
eggs one of two methods will be used the
first method is called the hand crank on
the males it appears to be a happy but
believe me based on the look of the
fish's face I assure you cuties not
the second method is called the pressure
wash our homes the fishes hooha and they
blow their bits clean out the eggs are
then collected in a bucket 7up is added
for that crisp lemon-lime flavor and
finally the Milky sauce collected
earlier is added to the mix when the
scientists are done with the mature fish
they are crap back into the wild a shame
and confused finally after a six pack
the scientists will begin the process
once again